baby you are the first member of this
family to go to college but six years at
a two-year community college is not what
i had in mind
tell the truth
they've always had high aspirations all
i want to do is develop my herbal
in a real lab now they're taking a shot
at higher education
congratulations these schools are going
to get you into any college in the
country
join us at reparations technical
institute and learn hatred for the white
devil in a relaxed campus atmosphere
next
taking a vow of celibacy next carpet
music
artists and the women hmm i gotta roll
up that dog
is that good this institution has
graduated countless
fortune 500 ceos and six presidents
method man is silas are we in the right
place
we got a black man for a teacher what's
up bro
red man is jamal this is crew jermaine
the name's jamal
and i'll mess your crew up it's rowing
jimmy jam
nwa tell me what you know about that i
am down with you man
you east coast i fire coast i'm from
wisconsin
just be cool and you might have some fun
this semester
who's that i need money okay but what's
his name
i need money
this winter opportunity
i was just admiring your girl's uh
thing academics
me and jamal here we're all about good
grades is that right mr king
yes sir dean cain sir and respect
what's are
going up in smoke
how high